## What does my project do?
My project was created as a tool that helps avid travelers find the cheapest flight tickets for international travel across the United States. We use cost estimations for economy class flight tickets from the United States and provide estimations and comparion tools for users whom want to see where in the world they want to travel. The function allows for single trip price estimations, comparing 3 destinations amongst each other by providing each cost estimation and suggesting the cheapest one for cost savings. The platform also helps users understand how we developed the platform and what key terms are meant when estimating the flights cost. You can leave the platform whenever you would like to.

## How to run my project?
For my project to run, I would recommend opening the "POLISH.py" file. This application has all the code for how to run the platform within the terminal. Once you run the file, it will take you to the "home screen" which welcomes you to the platform and asks you to input from 4 options: A single trip, comparing 3 trips, a help section to understand how the platform works, and a quit function which allows you to leave the platform completely. Once you pick your option, there are different ways to approach your trip planning. It will ask for you to input a specific country, duration (in days), and month of travel. Once you have done the following (if selecting options 1 or 2), the platform will give you an estimated price for your trips. If you want to compare between 3 trips, the platform will tell you which one is the most cost effective. For the help section, the platform provides you with how we came up with our numbers and estimations from a development perspective. The quit functions takes you out of the platform and provides a lovely goodbye message.